Improve documentation usability by turning some PEP numbers into PUG links (#12434)
pypa/pip: news/12434.doc.rst

> Replace some links to PEPs with links to the canonical specifications on https://packaging.python.org

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
Replaced some links to PEPs with links to the canonical specifications on :py:doc:`pypug:index`
```

Author: You're right about using Intersphinx.

I'd keep "Replace", though, since the other news entries are written in the present tense.

Author: ```suggestion
Replace some links to PEPs with links to the canonical specifications on the :doc:`pypug:index`
```
